hello hi Arthur
these are texts to go man hi Danny so
time does Howard on should go around and
count
we're censorship and Yeo Jin said nah
it's always mama doesn't even know we're
away we were with offense it up
um power hi girls
hey don't shoot what am I not all right
what's outside shooter me and Paul
honey all night location to the you got
your bins on them uh hey what's he get
you that she know mm-hmm
she was in Hong Kong good English anchor
hey no man guys you do it wake up den
I'm Chelsea holla
one two three wake up baby
each challenge oh oh oh shots adults I
know or to shower suit pant when I also
junghwa hmm cuz it's mr bonomi honor
thank you something you mean the way
down oh no mrs. H ah sound canyoning
just gonna challenge Amy challenges me
show me show me show me show me